Fix/update challenges for basic html and html5 (#35234)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-html-and-html5/create-a-bulleted-unordered-list.english.md

    testString: assert(code.match(/<\/ul>/gi) && code.match(/<ul/gi) && code.match(/<\/ul>/gi).length === code.match(/<ul/gi).length, 'Make sure your <code>ul</code> element has a closing tag.');
  - text: Make sure your <code>li</code> elements have closing tags.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<\/li>/gi) && code.match(/<li[\s>]/gi) && code.match(/<\/li>/gi).length === code.match(/<li[\s>]/gi).length, 'Make sure your <code>li</code> elements have closing tags.');

>   - text: Make sure your <code>li</code> elements doesn’t contain empty string or only whitespace.

Reviewer: Please make the following changes to the text.
```suggestion
  - text: Make sure your <code>li</code> elements don’t contain an empty string or only white-space.
```

>     testString: assert($("ul li").filter(function(index){return $(this).text().trim().length === 0;}).length === 0, 'Make sure your <code>li</code> elements doesn\’t contain empty string or only whitespace.');

Reviewer: While your added test works fine, yo could use the same logic but simplify a bit.
```suggestion
    testString: assert($("ul li").filter((_, item) => !$(item).text().trim()).length === 0, 'Make sure your <code>li</code> elements don\’t contain an empty string or only white-space.');
```
